Document how to force real browser on feature test (#11417)
18F/identity-idp: docs/local-development.md

  $ SHOW_BROWSER=true bundle exec rspec spec/features/
  ```

>   > [!IMPORTANT]
>   > You may still need to force the test to use a real browser by using a `js` tag on the test, e.g.
>   > ```
>   > it 'does something', :js do … end
>   > ```

Reviewer: Maybe we can be clearer about the circumstances of the "may" here?

```suggestion
  > [!TIP]
  > Only JavaScript-enabled tests are configured to run using a real browser, since browser tests are slow to run. If you have a feature test you want to run in a real browser, you can add the `js` metadata to your test to mark it as requiring JavaScript:
  > ```rb
  > it 'does something', :js do … end
  > ```
```
